                                                                July 2017


                     The TSystemsCrypt Message-Digest Algorithm

Status of this Memo

    This memo provides information for the Internet community.  It does
    not specify an Internet standard.  Distribution of this memo is
    unlimited.

Acknowlegements

    We would like to thank all the contributors who were implementing
    this in several languages. 
    Special thanks also for T-Systems and BKK.

Table of Contents

    1. Executive Summary                                                   
    2. TSystemsCrypt Algorithm Description                              
    3. Confusion-based defense with facepalm consequence theory         
    4. Alternative description                                          
    5. Summary                                                          

1. Executive Summary

    This document describes the TSystemsCrypt message-digest algorithm. The
    algorithm takes as input a message of arbitrary length and produces
    the input as it is as output.
   
2. TSystemsCrypt Algorithm Description

    Given a c cipher method and an x input, the theory of the algorithm can
    be summarized as the following:            
            c(x) = x
    for any input.    

    Obvious consequences:
            (1) c(0) = 0
            (2) inverse(c(x)) = c(x)
            (3) c(c(x)) = c(x)

    Consequence (3) means that the algorithm can be applied as many times as
    the use case needs without any issue.

3. Confusion-based defense with facepalm consequence theory

    Confusion

    This cipher highly based on the theory called confusion-based defense. This
    theory says that most of the cases any attack against the cipher can be easily
    defended by using the plain text as cipher since the attacker would try different
    costly methods to calculate the original text which - by the attacker assumption -
    should be different from the cipher text.
    
    Facepalm consequence

    After billions of tries the attacker may be able to notice the trick here but
    before moving forward with the results, the shock of the recognition would lead to 
    a serious facepalm which causes near-deadly injuries.

    Consequence

    Theoretically all the attackers would be unable to make any kind of attack after
    the facepalm which means that this cipher can destroy all the digital crimes.
    Serious challenge here is how to create a space which can be accessed as many
    attackers as possible in order to damage their population. At this time, BKK
    is working on a public page as a honey-pot. Results will be published later.

4. Alternative Description

    The TSystemsCrypt Algorithm can be described by using several different
    cipher algoritmhs. One possible definition is a special type of Ceasar's
    Method when we are defining the key as 0.
    Considering that the plain and the cipher alphabets are the standard 26
    letter English alphabet (A,B,C ... Z), formal definition of the algorithm
    can be described like above:
                    En(x) = (x + n) mod 26
    where n is the key and the value of n is 0.
    Obviously this approach holds all the known weaknesses of Ceasar's Method
    but the algorithm assumes that the trick of setting the key to 0 would
    confuse the attacker.

5. Summary

    In the above sections we described and explained a genious cipher method which
    is unbreakable and in theory would solve all the digital crime problems. Further
    investigations and ways should be explored in order to apply this cipher as widely
    as possible.    
